zigbee: Add new known issues for NCS v1.6.0 (#4930)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/known_issues.rst

Zigbee
======

.. rst-class:: v1-6-0

KRKNWK-8211: The :c:macro:`ZB_ZDO_SIGNAL_LEAVE signal` is generated twice during ZC factory reset

> 

Author: ZC replaced with "Zigbee Coordinator". It is possible to implement a workaround for it, but we have not created nor tested one.

.. rst-class:: v1-6-0

KRKNWK-9714: Device association fail if the Request Key packet is retransmitted

>   If the Request Key for the TCLK is retransmitted and the coordinator sends two, different new keys, it confuses the joiner's logic and lead to unsuccessful key verification.

Author: Yes, there is no workaround for this issue.

.. rst-class:: v1-6-0

KRKNWK-9743 Timer can't be stopped in Zigbee routers and coordinators

>   The call to the`` zb_timer_enable_stop()`` API has no effect on the timer logic in Zigbee routers and coordinators.

Author: Yes, there is no workaround for this issue.

.. rst-class:: v1-6-0

> KRKNWK-10490: Dead lock in NCP frame fragmentation logic
>   If the last piece of a fragmented NCP command is not delivered, the receiving side becomes unresponsive to further commands.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
KRKNWK-10490: Deadlock in the NCP frame fragmentation logic
  If the last piece of a fragmented NCP command is not delivered, the receiving side becomes unresponsive to commands.
```
No workaround, right?

Author: Yes, there is no workaround for this issue.
